src/app/projects-and-tools/projects/automotive-industry/page.mdx, before:

import { Badge } from "@/components/ui/badge"
import { BackButton } from "../back-button"

export const metadata = {
  title: "Automotive Industry",
  description:
    "In this automotive industry application, I have been the driving force behind a transformative project, overseeing the client's application.",
  keywords: [
    "react",
    "nextjs",
    "chakraui",
    "docker",
    "nestjs",
    "gcp",
    "typescript",
    "software development",
    "web development",
    "full stack development",
    "consulting",
    "automotive",
    "industry",
    "web app",
    "web application",
    "client",
  ],
}

<BackButton />

# Automotive Industry

<p className="text-sm text-muted-foreground">June 2022 - Current</p>

<div className="rounded-md border border-l-4 border-l-orange-400 p-4 font-semibold">
  I don't have the legal rights to display the actual application that I have
  worked on. Due to this I can only provide a brief description of the project.
</div>

In the automotive industry, I have been the driving force behind a transformative project, overseeing the client's application. This journey has been marked by close collaboration with the client, where we delved into their unique needs and aligned the platform with their vision.

One of the highlights of this project was the implementation of a new search engine. The previous search engine was clumsy, and the client was in dire need of supercharging the search capabilities. In the automotive landscape, efficiency is paramount, and users must effortlessly locate the exact information they seek.

To revolutionize the user experience, the entire website underwent a comprehensive makeover. Modern tools like Next.js and ChakraUI were used in revamping the user interface.

The integration of external APIs played a crucial role in this project. These APIs empowered the platform to access additional data, such as real-time tax prices and hundreds of thousands cars. The amount of data that is being processed is huge and the application is being used by hundreds of users every day.

---

<Badge variant="outline">React.js</Badge>
<Badge variant="outline">Next.js</Badge>
<Badge variant="outline">ChakraUI</Badge>
<Badge variant="outline">Docker</Badge>
<Badge variant="outline">Nest.js</Badge>
<Badge variant="outline">GCP</Badge>

Commit message:

Refined language and improved clarity in various sections of the website.

src/app/projects-and-tools/projects/automotive-industry/page.mdx, after:

import { Badge } from "@/components/ui/badge"
import { BackButton } from "../back-button"

export const metadata = {
  title: "Automotive Industry",
  description:
    "In the automotive industry, I have been leading a project to enhance the client's application. Throughout this journey, I have closely collaborated with the client to understand their unique needs and align the platform with their vision.",
  keywords: [
    "react",
    "nextjs",
    "chakraui",
    "docker",
    "nestjs",
    "gcp",
    "typescript",
    "software development",
    "web development",
    "full stack development",
    "consulting",
    "automotive",
    "industry",
    "web app",
    "web application",
    "client",
  ],
}

<BackButton />

# Automotive Industry

<p className="text-sm text-muted-foreground">June 2022 - Current</p>

<div className="rounded-md border border-l-4 border-l-orange-400 p-4 font-semibold">
  I don't have the legal rights to display the actual application that I have
  worked on. Due to this I can only provide a brief description of the project.
</div>

In the automotive industry, I have been leading a project to enhance the client's application. Throughout this journey, I have closely collaborated with the client to understand their unique needs and align the platform with their vision.

One notable achievement of this project was the implementation of a new search engine. The previous search engine was cumbersome, and the client urgently required improved search capabilities. In the automotive landscape, efficiency is crucial, and users must be able to effortlessly find the exact information they are looking for.

To revolutionize the user experience, we conducted a comprehensive overhaul of the entire website. Modern tools like Next.js and ChakraUI were utilized to revamp the user interface.

The integration of external APIs played a vital role in this project. These APIs enabled the platform to access additional data, such as real-time tax prices and a vast database of cars. The amount of data being processed is substantial, and the application is used by hundreds of users on a daily basis.

---

<Badge variant="outline">React.js</Badge>
<Badge variant="outline">Next.js</Badge>
<Badge variant="outline">ChakraUI</Badge>
<Badge variant="outline">Docker</Badge>
<Badge variant="outline">Nest.js</Badge>
<Badge variant="outline">GCP</Badge>
