src/app/projects-and-tools/projects/current-personal-website/page.mdx, before:

import { Badge } from "@/components/ui/badge"
import { BackButton } from "../back-button"

export const metadata = {
  title: "Current Personal Website",
  description:
    "My personal website built with Next.js. It's a place where I can showcase my work. Using the latest technologies and best practices.",
  keywords: [
    "software development",
    "web development",
    "full stack development",
    "consulting",
    "nextjs",
    "tailwindcss",
    "reactjs",
    "typescript",
    "server components",
    "app router",
    "next-mdx",
    "next-seo",
    "next-pwa",
    "next fonts",
    "server side rendering",
    "faster page loading times",
    "improved seo",
    "enhanced user experience",
    "improved performance on low-end devices",
    "seamless sharing on social media",
  ],
}

<BackButton />

# Current Personal Website

<p className="text-sm text-muted-foreground">November 2023 - Current</p>

<div className="rounded-md border border-l-4 border-l-green-500 p-4 font-semibold">
  This project is open source. You can check out the source code for this
  project on [Github](https://github.com/jjooaa/joaleitola)
</div>

When embarking on the journey to build my personal website, I was determined to make it stand out in a crowded online world. I wanted a website that not only looked fantastic but also performed exceptionally well, with a focus on SEO and simplicity. And so, I turned to the latest technologies to make it happen.

As a professional in the tech industry, I understand the power of a well-constructed website. It's a reflection of your expertise and attention to detail. This personal website isn't just a digital calling card; it's a dynamic sales pitch that speaks volumes about what I can offer to potential clients and customers. It's a showcase of my skills, a platform where I can demonstrate my proficiency in web development, SEO, and user experience design.

In the ever-evolving world of web development, the choice of rendering methods plays a pivotal role in shaping the user experience and the overall success of a website. When it came to developing my personal website, I made a strategic decision to embrace server-side rendering (SSR), and here's why.

- **Faster Page Loading Times:** SSR allows the browser to render the page before it's fully loaded, which means that users can start interacting with the page sooner.

- **Improved SEO:** SSR allows search engines to crawl and index the page more efficiently, which means that your website will rank higher in search results.

- **Enhanced User Experience:** SSR ensures that the initial page load is fully optimized, providing users with a smoother and more responsive interface.

- **Improved Performance on Low-End Devices:** SSR is great for users accessing your website from low-end devices or slow internet connections. This minimizes the amount of processing required by the client, making it a practical choice for reaching a broader audience.

- **Seamless Sharing on Social Media:** When your content is rendered on the server, sharing it on social media platforms becomes more effective. Shared links are highly customizable, allowing you to control how your content is displayed on social media. Complete with metadata and rich previews, making it more attractive and engaging for potential visitors.

---

<Badge variant="outline">TypeScript</Badge>
<Badge variant="outline">Next.js</Badge>
<Badge variant="outline">ShadcnUI</Badge>
<Badge variant="outline">Vercel</Badge>
<Badge variant="outline">TailwindCSS</Badge>
<Badge variant="outline">MDX</Badge>

Commit message:

Refined language and improved clarity in various sections of the website.

src/app/projects-and-tools/projects/current-personal-website/page.mdx, after:

import { Badge } from "@/components/ui/badge"
import { BackButton } from "../back-button"

export const metadata = {
  title: "Current Personal Website",
  description:
    "When embarking on the journey to build my personal website, I was focused to make it stand out in a crowded online world. I wanted a website that not only looked good but also performed exceptionally well, with a focus on SEO and simplicity.",
  keywords: [
    "software development",
    "web development",
    "full stack development",
    "consulting",
    "nextjs",
    "tailwindcss",
    "reactjs",
    "typescript",
    "server components",
    "app router",
    "next-mdx",
    "next-seo",
    "next-pwa",
    "next fonts",
    "server side rendering",
    "faster page loading times",
    "improved seo",
    "enhanced user experience",
    "improved performance on low-end devices",
    "seamless sharing on social media",
  ],
}

<BackButton />

# Current Personal Website

<p className="text-sm text-muted-foreground">November 2023 - Current</p>

<div className="rounded-md border border-l-4 border-l-green-500 p-4 font-semibold">
  This project is open source. You can check out the source code for this
  project on [Github](https://github.com/jjooaa/joaleitola)
</div>

When embarking on the journey to build my personal website, I was focused to make it stand out in a crowded online world. I wanted a website that not only looked good but also performed exceptionally well, with a focus on SEO and simplicity.

As a tech professional, I know the importance of a well-made website. It reflects expertise and attention to detail. This personal website is more than a digital calling card; it's a dynamic sales pitch showcasing my skills in web development, SEO, and user experience design.

In web development, the choice of rendering methods greatly impacts the user experience and a website's success. For my personal website, I chose server rendering which includes static rendering and dynamic rendering. Here are some of the benefits of server rendering:

- **Faster Page Loading Times:** Server rendering can improve the browser's rendering speed through various optimizations, including caching, resulting in a better user experience.

- **Improved SEO:** Server rendering makes it easier for search engines to crawl and index the page, resulting in higher search rankings.

- **Enhanced User Experience:** Server rendering ensures optimized initial page load, providing a smoother and more responsive interface.

- **Improved Performance on Low-End Devices:** Server rendering is ideal for users on low-end devices or slow internet connections, reaching a wider audience with less client-side processing.

- **Seamless Sharing on Social Media:** Server-rendered content enhances sharing on social media platforms. Customizable shared links with metadata and rich previews make the content more attractive and engaging to potential visitors.

---

<Badge variant="outline">TypeScript</Badge>
<Badge variant="outline">Next.js</Badge>
<Badge variant="outline">ShadcnUI</Badge>
<Badge variant="outline">Vercel</Badge>
<Badge variant="outline">TailwindCSS</Badge>
<Badge variant="outline">MDX</Badge>
